## 0 — Moon Fallen

Darkness. Brightness. Shadows flew over the ground. Under the moon covered by clouds, secrets stood on their stage. Coldness. Hotness. Unstable winds hovered the roofs. Between the cycle of life and death, blood stroked on the floor.

"Who?!" Emortul was suddenly woken up by the unfortunate provisions in his dream. Hunter's smell flew into his nose. With both eyes and mind searching entire garden, the origin was located at the room of his master, Olivia.

By the time he saw his master lied in blood and moonshine, the assassin was just breaking out through the window. A knife was thrown at his stomach but was then dodged. Without a duration for milliseconds, Emortul launched an Arcane spell which stopped the assassin from breaking out through the window, and the moon shined on the assassin's mask softly.

As soon as the effect of the spell expired, he managed to dodge Emortul's following spell which required a long casting time. Instead of killing him, Emortul decided to find out where he would go to investigate who stayed behind.

The full moon in early summer was really bright, and the wind flew around Emortul comfortably. He went invisible with the power of the Void. A professional assassin can always notice any small evidence of being stalked, yet success disabled him to stay calm. Olivia was such strong a wizard, but the traps in the garden was too foolish to defend an assassin. Even no magical protection was installed in the room. Unfortunately, he fell in trouble when leaving. Since his boss' command was just to kill Olivia, instead of also to kill everyone noticed him by the way, there was no need to kill the student. Additionally, the student seemed so strong that fighting with him might consume too much stamina. That was out of his job.

Emortul kept highly concentrated when stalking the assassin, to avoid falling in traps. When sadness and pain came up to mind, he managed to force them away. Now he only wanted to get truth. To his surprise, the assassin went to mayor's hall, then arrived at the police office.

* * *

"There must be a reason. Why the government need Olivia die?" Reminded Edward, a wealthy friend of Emortul with the same age.

"Maybe for his research. He told me that most scholars who wanted to do research on magic powers may attract hatred from somewhere." Tea leaves spread themselves in warm water cooling down, with tasty smell filling entire room.

"You mean the government hate him, for his researching on magic powers?" Large house was protected by Edward's magical field, which would trigger alert when unauthorized access being attempted.

"The possibility of a personal intention pretending to be the government's cannot be ignored." Slow voice came with logic and reflected by white walls.

"I think the government is the real one. They want to mislead you." Eyes fixed on Emortul's.

"Well... They must have already been monitoring my home. I should transport all documents here before they destroy them."

"No. They will take full advantage of them."

"What?"

"Here is my inference. As is known, the Old Dominators, five Arcane-Master families, are nobles since the old republic and now in this kingdom they still own much wealth and strong political powers, as well as their strongest magic abilities. Such highly talented wizards won't let anyone lower their positions in either political powers or magic powers, or their governing will be challenged by new comers. Instead, they will steal research results to enhance themselves."

"Do they have to steal?"

"Yes. It is ruled that all scholars work for the kingdom and the government pay them salaries, but in fact everybody works for fame and self-actualization. You must have known this."

"Sure. But is there a reason to kill Olivia?"

"Apparently, such decision is abnormal. There should be a reason but I cannot find it out now. More cues needed. Perhaps, political viewpoint."

"Anyway, the current job is to transport his research documents here, and you'll keep them safe."

"How can we take them out without getting noticed... Do you have a map?"

"No, but there is a small path beneath the garden, though unused since four years ago. What about MIMO?"

"Multi-Input and Multi-Output? This method requires many people to get data packages divided into small enough segments. We are only two, and his documents are continuous information. Try another."

"Use the power of the Void. I'll carry each document out separately. Though costs time, it works."

"I'll witness your action and assist you when necessary. May the shadows be with you."

* * *

Yet another night, leaves were filtering stars which had shined this kingdom for hundreds of years. Under the dome of darkness, Emortul stepped out from the back door of Olivia's yard, with four notebooks in backpack. There were 34 notebooks in total to be transported, so the first trying was to test if this would trigger surveillants' notice.

The mana in the air smelled good, 